Let's review an existing SNS topic.
From the AWS management console,
type in SNS and click on simple notification service.
This brings you to the SNS dashboard.
Notice I have four topics and for subscription.
Let's click on topics.
To see more detail about an existing topic,
click on its name.
Notice with this topic,
I have one confirmed subscription and one pending confirmation.
This is pending confirmation because the user has not confirmed the subscription yet.
You can also see subscriptions by clicking
on the subscriptions option on the left-hand pane.
This will allow you to see across all of your topics, the different subscriptions.
This has been a quick look at the SNS dashboard.
You have an upcoming exercise where you will create your own topics and subscriptions.